fix(tests): require dev nikic/parser explicitly (#24)
ekino/phpstan-banned-code: CHANGELOG.md

master
------

* To do...

v0.3.1
------

> * Add nikic/PHP-Parser as a required dev dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix tests by adding nikic/php-parser as a required dev dependency
```
and should be in `master` section for now
